love winning Supporting Actress and
actor Patricia Arquette and JK Simmons
here are the nominees for Supporting
Actor in a motion picture
Paul Dana love and mercy
mark Rylance bridge of spies
michael shannon 99
Sylvester Stallone greed
goes to sylvester story
thank you I'm gonna try it I'm gonna try
not to get emotional because I am the
sum total of everyone I've ever met and
and some lucky I absorbed some of it I
just want to say thank you to the
Hollywood Foreign Press is incredible
last time I here I was 1977 I was kind
of hit by tumbleweed it was a bit of
long time ago it's like a different
different situation and the view is so
beautiful now I want to thank my wife
and my children is so fierce Garland
it's Justine because actually having
your love is the greatest award in the
world every day and of course I want to
thank where's all Adam Bennett William
Morris Endeavor incredible for making me
do this I'd like to thank MGM Gary
Barbaro Jonathan Glickman for sticky to
the gums and I want to thank the
legendary producers everyone we clear in
Bob Carter who actually mortgaged his
house to take a chance on a mumbling
actor and give me the shot of a lifetime
and I want to thank very much William
Morris kevin tsujihara the Incredibles 2
cold Dan Feldman and of course
Toby Emmerich thank you very very much
and most of all I want to thank my
imaginary friend Rocky Balboa for being
the best friend I ever had